Move info on restarting workers from KB (#1456)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/how-to-guides/troubleshoot-timescaledb.md

keywords: [troubleshooting]
---

import CloudMSTRestartWorkers from 'versionContent/_partials/_cloud-mst-restart-workers.mdx';

# Troubleshooting

If you run into problems when using TimescaleDB, there are a few things that you

> can do. There are some solutions to common errors below as well as ways to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can do. There are some solutions to common errors in this section as well as ways to
```

output diagnostic information about your setup. If you need more guidance, you

> can join the support [slack group][slack] or post an issue on the TimescaleDB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can join the community [Slack group][slack] or post an issue on the TimescaleDB
```

> [github][].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[GitHub][github].
```

## Common errors

### Error updating TimescaleDB when using a third-party PostgreSQL administration tool

> The update command `ALTER EXTENSION timescaledb UPDATE` must be the first

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ALTER EXTENSION timescaledb UPDATE` command must be the first
```

command executed upon connection to a database. Some administration tools

> execute commands before this, which can disrupt the process. It may be necessary
> for you to manually update the database with `psql`.  See the [update
> docs][update-db] for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
execute commands before this, which can disrupt the process. You might
need to manually update the database with `psql`.  See the 
[update docs][update-db] for details.
```

/usr/local/Cellar/postgresql/11.0/bin
```

If either of those steps is not the version you are expecting, you need to
either uninstall the incorrect version of PostgreSQL if you can, or update your
`PATH` environmental variable to have the correct path of `pg_config` listed
first, that is, by prepending the full path:

```bash
export PATH = /usr/local/Cellar/postgresql/11.0/bin:$PATH
```

Then, reinstall TimescaleDB and it should find the correct installation
path.

### ERROR: could not access file "timescaledb-\<version\>": No such file or directory

If the error occurs immediately after updating your version of TimescaleDB and
the file mentioned is from the previous version, it is probably due to an
incomplete update process. Within the greater PostgreSQL server instance, each
database that has TimescaleDB installed needs to be updated with the SQL command
`ALTER EXTENSION timescaledb UPDATE;` while connected to that database.

> Otherwise, the database looks for the previous version of the timescaledb files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, the database looks for the previous version of the `timescaledb` files.
```
